Aug 4 HTML
1. Create a simple HTML file that displays 6 lines of text

2. Improvise (1) by giving a header and a title

3. Create an HTML file that lists some books . For each book let there be extra info like author, pages etc. Main list is in ordered and sub ones are ordered.

4. Improvise(3  by adding a marquee with info " Book(s) Details" which moves from left to right

5. Improvise(4) in a way that each book has a hyperlink. When clicked it shows some content of the book.

Aug 15 HTML Forms & Py 
Work on these assignments by creating python scripts. Associate each python script with a corresponding html form.

1. Write a python script that takes two numbers as input from an html form and performs addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
of those numbers and displays the result of each operation.

2. Write  a python script that takes a name/string as input from an html form, reverses the same and prints both original and 
reversed strings.

3. Write a python script that takes 3 names as input from an html form and prints them as an html list (Ordered list).

4. Try (3) and print as unordered list

5. Write a python script that takes 2 strings as input from an html form and prints the common letters in the strings.

Aug 28 Html forms & CGI scripts

1. Submit a number from HTML form and let a script check how many digits present in that number and print the same.

2. Improvise (1) and check if each digit is even or odd and print it

3. Submit two words and let the script merge them in a way that the merged string has one letter from the first and one letter from the second string. Display the same. Take two strings of same length as input

Sept 1 MySQL

1. Create a database named institute. Under that create two tables, with name(s) MSc and PhD. 
Under each table store information of at least 4 students , containing id , name , batch_no, semester 
You decide which parameter(s) among these , needs to be integer or varchar.
Once its all done, display contents of table MSc followed by PhD.

2. Create two databases namely bird1 and bird2.
Under bird1 have two tables namely predator and prey.
Under predator have a list of at least 3 birds.
Under prey have a list of at least 4 birds.
For each bird under both tables, have name , origin , wing span, food as properties.

Under bird2 have three tables namely small , medium , large.
Under each table, list 3 birds.
For each bird , under all three tables, have name, origin , size , life span as properties.

Once all tables in both databases are filled up as per the requirements, display content of each table from both the databases.


Sept 6 MySQL
1. Create 3 databases plantA, plantB and plantC. In each DB, have 2 tables namely indian and African. Insert info of atleast 4 plants into each table of each DB. Choose your own properties for each plant group.
Interchange the information of Indian table under plantA,
with that of the African table in plantB. Similarly interchange the information of African table under plant C with that Indian table of plant B. Print all the table values. Try to achieve this by running each statement at mysql prompt.
Then, try it as an sql script.

2. For the above DBs and tables, try to print common values across Indian table of  plantA and the Indian table of plantB.

Sept 14 Threads
1. Create and run 3 threads each with the same task.
2. Improvise (1) with each thread working on different tasks.
3. Create and run 3 threads working with their own tasks. Synchronize any two using join.
4. Create and run 3 threads in such a way, that there is a chain of threads. Ex: Thread A will run and then create and run
Thread B, which in turn will create and run Thread C.


Sept 18 Threads2
In thread 1, print 0 → 25
In thread 2, print 26→ 50


Create 3 threads such that they are chained (t1 starts t2 which starts t3)
T1 ->T2 -> T3 use wait and sleep

    8.Sept 20 JDBC
Create a database with 1 table
Create 2 dbs with 2 tables each 

9. Sept 27 Servlet
Write a servlet that takes a string input and creates a pallidrome and prints the same 
Write a program that takes a string in small letter and converts it into uppercase
Write a servlet that takes integer numbers as input and print the digits that are at the odd positions. (Eg: If number input is 12345, It should print 135)

11. Sept 30 Servlet and JDBC

1. Write a Servlet in which you take input about Database name, Table name and Values to be stored in the table.
For now, create only one database, with a single table. Let the table contain id and name as content. Store 3 sets
of values in it. Use JDBC code as part of doGet() method of servlet and implement this.


2. Improvise by having a separate method that does JDBC work and call this method from doGet() method of
servlet. Note down any challenges you face.


3. Design an html form, that takes name and age of a person. Now, write a servlet that takes this input and displays
both the name and age. The same servlet, will also display another form, along with this result. This form is created
by Servlet (BAsically the result display page will also have provision to enter some more data). Using this form, enter
another name. When submitted , another servlet takes this input along with the name and age submitted from first
form (this is the catch!!!0 and displays concatenated name along with age. 
Note: Whatever you know about string, string manipulation and servlet till today, is more than enough to achieve this.
Have attached some screenshots that tells you the expected output.
In the zip file, first go through README.txt and follow instructions as per that.


12) Oct 12- Servlet and JSP
1) Write a servlet that takes important data for 6 students and process the same and put them in order (rank them) based on a key parameter.
The inputs to be given per students are 1)name 2)age 3)course 4) marks of 4 subjects.Rank is based on overall marks scored. Write an html form to submit this data.

2) Implement 1 in JSP

13) Oct 16 :
servlet chain
 
14) Oct 18:
1.Write a normal java application to be run from command prompt . Create a vector of vectors. Let the inner vectors contain numbers and strings. Print the vector of vectors once. Then check how many 0s are present in the entire vector. Print the count.
Ex
V1 could be 
[[ 10,20,30,hi,hello],[ 1,2,3,ten0,eleven0],[]hello,hi,ibab,0,330]]

Total 0s will be 7.

2. Improvise(1) and send all required vector values from html form , process it all and display result using servlet

15) XML
1. A researcher is working on a project that involves studying predator and prey under bird category.
The following birds are considered under each category.
Predator : 
Eagle
Hawk
Flamingo

Prey:
Sparrow
Pigeon
Myna
Come out with an xml document that covers all these birds, along with atleast 3 features per bird, including but not limited to
country, lifeSpan, size.
Make sure the XML is both well formed and valid. Use an internal DTD to validate it.

2. Come out with an XML that describes the features of atleast 3 different types of vehicles.
Each vehicle should have atleast 5 properties. Write an external DTD to validate this XML.


